so here's what here's the best we can do
okay okay so we have a clip it is
unacceptable for broadcast television we
can show a few seconds thank you we can
joke just a few seconds of the clip but
what we can do is we can show the clip
to our studio audience and then we
cannot say then the home viewers can
watch the studio audience watch the clip
so wait a minute you're saying I've come
on this show for the first time in 12
years and you're going to show the
audience watching my clip but the people
at home will not be able to watch the
clip exactly exactly
okay is that is that okay it's not okay
but it feels not oh no other opportunity
we don't have an option so I've been
instructed to warn our studio audience I
know you think we're kidding but we're
not that the scenes you're about to see
are very graphic and potentially
offensive if you want to leave right now
you have the option of doing that if you
want to leave during the clip you may do
that as well so should I explain what
the the movies about
well I'll expect so basically yeah maybe
I'll go in the audience okay you gonna
do it in while you explain what it's
about Guillermo I want you to watch this
alright okay yeah
all right
excuse us thank you thank you cool all
right okay so this is a clip from the
brothers Grimsby we there is a I've
taken over your job okay
so there's basically kind of James Bond
type I play his brother who's kind of a
football hooligan we end up on the road
we were in South Africa in this bit and
something bad has happened and something
worse is about to happen
here we go please enjoy watching them
watch it sorry
so what I hide I got out there oh great
because your ideas and then it nothing
but gold up to this point you're gonna
follow me you're gonna do exactly what
you being real this is all right come on
Oh
well done
that's one of the craziest things I've
ever seen in my life
well at some point I'll show you the
8-minute Cup before the end here pretty
good they didn't gun enough haha that
was completely insane the movie it's
called the brothers Grimsby it opens in
theaters March 11 go see Sasha Baron
Cohen everybody I am Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click Subscribe this invisible
hamster will die